Add an office hours page. (#26)
BostonPython/about: officehours.md

---
title: Office Hours
sidebar_link: true
sidebar_sort_order: 250
---

> Boston Python holds a weekly office hour, Mondays at noon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Boston Python holds a weekly Zoom office hour on Mondays at noon, sponsored by [edX](https://edx.org)
```

This is an unstructured time to drop in to ask questions or just chat. There is no set topic, anything goes: Python, Boston Python, specialized technical topics, adjacent technologies, it's all good.  For now, this is an experiment. We may change the structure, pace, or timing as we see what happens.

> The office hour happens on [Zoom](ZOOM LINK TO COME), sponsored by [edX](https://edx.org).
> 
> You do not have to sign up ahead of time, just drop in.  See you there!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You do not have to sign up ahead of time, just drop in at <https://{{ zoom_url }}>.  See you there!
```

> The office hour happens on [Zoom](https://edx-org.zoom.us/j/85746000546?pwd=N3RyR2VsbGFMTFdPUUUva3VhTlFHdz09), sponsored by [edX](https://edx.org).
> 
> You do not have to sign up ahead of time, just drop in.  See you there!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You do not have to sign up ahead of time; just [drop in on Zoom](https://edx-org.zoom.us/j/85746000546?pwd=N3RyR2VsbGFMTFdPUUUva3VhTlFHdz09).  See you there!
```

Reviewer: @nedbat:

> I could leave the Zoom link out, and tell people to find the meetup.com event page instead. Meetup only shows the link to members, I think?

Don't know; that would add some friction to people joining. I don't feel strongly; just a thought.
